today we're doing the final review for
Bella bulls and they're made by loving
pets this is the the sticker that goes
inside the bowl just in case you know
you're trying to recognize it when
you're at the store so we have reviewed
Bella bowls before but they were much
larger trying to get one out so you can
see and these guys are much smaller so
you might remember us reviewing these
two which as you can see are huge
compared to these little guys and these
little guys are made for cats and they
are so much better I think size-wise for
for cats what are you doing you're so
goofy today so goofy you're over to
bidness so a couple things to point out
this is a plastic outer lining but the
inside bowl is stainless steel so that
makes it great for if there's cats it
problems I have a video of trig on
YouTube he has lots of cats at problems
and then this rubber base at the bottom
is removable and they suggest that you
remove it before put it in the
dishwasher I didn't read that though
until mmm right now and so my rubber
bases on my bowls have been dish washed
probably gosh like 20 times since we got
these suckers and the good thing about
the rubber base is that it doesn't move
the bowl around that much so without
further ado I'm going to put food in
here this is um Ruvo it's just trying to
get the ounces I think it's a 5.5 ounce
can and it fits perfectly between the
two of these and then I will give them
to my little chicky who's waiting over
there
so just don't care about Bose I just
want my breakfast what you just eat
random stuff on the floor okay so there
is the food dished out and so what I
like about these bowls is they're
SuperDuper lightweight I don't have to
worry about if I drop them that I end up
breaking them because usually with
triggs unzip problem we've got we got to
do ceramic or we have to do glass and I
absolutely have broken some of the glass
bowls that we have knock on wood that I
don't break any of the ceramic or that
don't break any more glass but this is a
great solution to that problem and I
mean if you're older or you have some
sort of disability that prevents you
from holding heavier stuff and these are
super super lightweight so I'll include
a link in the About section Charlie's
downstairs going the bathroom and it's
distracting trig and I'll include a link
in the About section to where you can
buy these Bella Bulls online
specifically these cat ones that were
reviewing this time and I did run them
through the dishwasher like I said
earlier about 20 times so they've held
up perfectly they don't look any
different than they did when they
arrived are you going to keep eating
your slow down man thanks so much for
watching if you have any questions
please don't hesitate to ask and we will
see you soon hey Hill night
hmm somebody getting into your business
so stay away and trying to eat
you